Add Concurrent::Async instrumentation (#3427)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

### Concurrent Ruby

> The Concurrent Ruby integration adds support for context propagation when using `::Concurrent::Future` and `Concurrent::Async`,
> making sure that code traced within the `Future#execute` and `Concurrent::Async#async` will have correct parent set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Concurrent Ruby integration adds support for context propagation when using `::Concurrent::Future` and `Concurrent::Async`, and ensures that code traced within the `Future#execute` and `Concurrent::Async#async` will have the correct parent set.
```
